add option and config entry for setting Tol_Optimality solver setting dynamically + set it to 1e-8 (instead of 1e-7) (#798)
magpiemodel/magpie: CHANGELOG.md

### changed
- **default.cfg** input data upgraded from rev4.117 to rev4.118, default for bioenergy demand and GHG prices changed from R32M46 to R34M410, `rcp4p5` used for SSP2-NPi2025 in line with MAGICC climate outcome and REMIND assumptions.
- **script/start/test_runs.R** Test runs adjusted based on availability from coupled runs for R34M410. 
- **default.cfg** changed running magpie by default with optfile for specified solver settings (Tol_Optimality)

### added
- **default.cfg** added option to set Tol_Optimality (GAMS solver setting) to a certain value (GAMS-default 1e-7, new MAgPIE-default 1e-8)

> - **80_optimzation** added writing of conopt opt files with using scalars from input 

Reviewer: typo: should be `80_optimization`

### removed

> - **80_optimzation** removed older optfile, that should be tried if not foptimal solution can be found

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **80_optimzation** removed older optfile, that should be tried if no optimal solution can be found
```

Reviewer: typo: should be `80_optimization`
